OIDC v2 identity mapping + JWT audience validation (DB-22135/174/192/136) (#10)
yugabyte/yugabytedb-mcp-server: examples/oidc-auth-mapping/README.md

```bash
curl -fs http://localhost:18081/realms/yb-mcp-map/.well-known/openid-configuration | head -c 200
```

What just happened:
- Keycloak 26 booted in dev mode on port `18081` (the sibling tutorial uses `18080` — both can coexist)
- The `yb-mcp-map` realm was imported from `keycloak/realm-export.json`
- A confidential client `yb-mcp-server` was registered with secret `tutorial-secret-not-for-prod`
- Two realm roles were created — `db-writer`, `db-reader`
- **Three** test users were created:

  | Email | Password | Realm roles granted |
  |---|---|---|
  | `writer-only@yugabyte.com` | `Writer123` | `db-writer` |
  | `reader-only@yugabyte.com` | `Reader123` | `db-reader` |
  | `dual-role@yugabyte.com`   | `Dual123`   | `db-writer` AND `db-reader` |

Every user also carries three Keycloak boilerplate roles — `offline_access`, `default-roles-yb-mcp-map`, `uma_authorization`. This is what the map file's allowlist is for — none of those boilerplate roles reach Postgres.

The realm's audience mapper also stamps `aud: yb-mcp-server` on every access token, so the MCP server's audience validation (v2) accepts them.

### View the realm in the admin console (optional)

> Open http://localhost:18081, sign in as `admin` / `admin`, and navigate to **Realm settings → yb-mcp-map**. Under **Realm roles** you'll see `db-writer` / `db-reader`. Under **Users**, each of the three demo users has role assignments visible on the **Role mapping** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open http://localhost:18081, sign in as `admin` / `admin`, and select the realm yb-mcp-map from the drop down menu on the left side. Under **Realm roles**, you'll see `db-writer` / `db-reader`. Under **Users → <username>**, each of the three demo users has role assignments visible on the **Role mapping** tab.
```
